if you just live now
who just comes to the stage and the
I just simply say so in itself
not harmonized and just let me tell you
with insane volume selfish
that's the way it used to be
I was still in the know
extreme case with queen is on one
page blow since 30 fox ac 30 on the
other side 10 at the packs and in the
In the middle of the singer had only one chance
because you have a central
Sound from above simply tried
has with brute violence there still
even get a point so that he
even still, and center point where he has
at all what I hear my knows
meanwhile, that's not just numb
makes in the moment where you ne band has
and one has as a mixer to influence and
but also claim that because you
is responsible for that
that is, out there, that is
I was paid for something and me
I'll pay for that in the
principle, after all, yes we are
good friend to our musicians
we also have a competence and that
we must also in the way
just bring over and the competence
it's just that we're responsible too
are for what's up there on the
fabricate stage and I was or me
am somebody and i am after
concept that you actively intervene there
where you say yes guys fits
on
Have you ever tried if there are
might not be better or look
but maybe you can find something
It did not exist that time back then
today we still have the giant of
Huge advantage that you with in her
can work in it conditionally for
so many musicians right now
for example, better or something
they might like it
button and then a monitor on the
stage
but I have a really great one
example recently
seen that already four weeks ago
a known one of me has the eagles
the only concept is that in
Germany had taken place that was
In vechta, though, he has to praise you
say but that was a concept there was
I then on the stage could me too
Listen to the stage sound
I have three times in my life
really goose bumps had the sound that
was the straits at the beginning of the 80s
that was
supertramp 1997 in montreal jazz
festival is nothing more to me
sunken
and this time again four weeks ago
Those were the eagles and it was one
phenomenal sound is really there
It makes you happy when you have something like that
hears and you just hear too rarely
but always every time something like that when I am
have something witnessed it was just so
that the musicians are not like that
played disciplined on the stage
and I have that before four
weeks again
they simply have a homogenous nature
sound field and that's why it was relative
simply possible to debut
he is 82 at kreml dead and to
put it and it was a pr system which almost
For 20 years or 25 years
all major events later
grew used at bap as paper